document ModulesItertoolsUsageDeprecation (#7707)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/deprecations.md

      error:
        - NoNodesForSelectionCriteria
```

> ### ModulesItertoolsUsageDeprecation

Reviewer: We list the deprecation warnings in alphabetical order -- is there a reason this was added to the bottom of the list?

Author: No reason! I'll move so it's alphabetical

> dbt has deprecated usage of `modules.itertools` in jinja.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt has deprecated usage of `modules.itertools` in Jinja.
```

Example:

<File name='CLI'>
```bash
15:49:33  [WARNING]: Deprecated functionality
Usage of itertools modules is deprecated. Please use the built-in functions
instead.
```
</File>

#### ModulesItertoolsUsageDeprecation warning resolution

> If you currently making use of methods within the `itertools` module from within jinja SQL, pleas use the available built-in macros and jinja methods instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are currently using functions from the `itertools` module within Jinja SQL templates, use the available built-in macros and Jinja methods instead.
```
Also, should we add links to the following pages:
- https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/jinja-macros
- https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/dbt-jinja-functions

> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following SQL file:
```

<File name='models/itertools_usage.sql'>

```
{%- set A = [1, 2] -%}
{%- set B = ['x', 'y', 'z'] -%}
{%- set AB_cartesian = modules.itertools.product(A, B) -%}

{%- for item in AB_cartesian %}
  {{ item }}
{%- endfor -%}
```

</File>

> should be converted to use alternative built-in dbt jinja methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should be converted to use alternative built-in dbt Jinja methods. For example:
```
Can we specify which methods the following examples are using?
